I look up to you for a long time
I'm the owner of an underground boxing gym
My name is Zhouquan
Sophisticated and talented
The cock crows
There is no martial arts genius in thousands
At first sight today, it really deserves its reputation
He will surely follow Long Fei's example
Won the Five Five Contest
he
Long Fei just entered the martial arts board a few years earlier than me
If a certain age is not enough
Wuhan University Competition is also his turn to take the stage
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Long Fei is just lucky
I just won the first place in the junior group
Is it Gu Shao's opponent?
Wait for Gu Shao to win the championship from the ultimate bloody battle
Directly accepted to participate in the World Dance Competition
Watching people all over the world become famous
At that time, go to the giant ship to fly
Even the capital of Ghost Valley to sweep Qi Xie is not enough
Yes, that's what I'm here for
The accuracy of winning the ultimate bloody battle
Humph
mere mirror level
Dare to touch porcelain, young people inspire the first person
What's more, he is still your senior brother
I'm curious.
Who gave you the courage?
Who are you to talk nonsense in front of Master Gu?
Court death, right?
Shut up and I'll teach the lady to speak
How can you interject?
Who is it?
Shangjing Chu Family Chu Yunxi